feat(WAF): add new resource WAF rule information leakage prevention (#3278)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/waf_rule_information_leakage_prevention.md

* `type` - (Required, String) Specifies the type of WAF information leakage prevention rule. The value can be **code**
  for response code or **sensitive** for sensitive information.

* `contents` - (Required, List) Specifies the rule contents.
  + If `type` is set to **code**, valid values are **400**, **401**, **402**, **403**, **404**, **405**, **500**,
  **501**, **502**, **503**, **504** and **507**.
  + If `type` is set to **sensitive**, valid values are **phone**, **id_card** and **email**.

* `protective_action` - (Required, String) Specifies the protective action. Valid values are **log** and **block**.

* `enterprise_project_id` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the enterprise project ID of WAF information leakage
  prevention rule.

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `description` - (Optional, String) Specifies the rule description.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID.

* `status` - The rule status.

## Import

There are two ways to import WAF rule information leakage prevention state.

> * Using `policy_id` and `rule_id`, separated by a slash, e.g.
> 
> ```bash
> $ terraform import huaweicloud_waf_rule_information_leakage_prevention.test <policy_id>/<rule_id>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using `policy_id` and `id` (rule/resource ID), separated by a slash, e.g.

```bash
$ terraform import huaweicloud_waf_rule_information_leakage_prevention.test <policy_id>/<id>
```

Author: Consistent with other rule resources.
